[ALICE sighs]
[RIN]
Is something wrong?
[ALICE]
What do you mean?
I wasn't thinking about Iska,
that's preposterous.
Iska?
[ALICE]
Uh... Wait.
Honestly, whatever you're
thinking is wrong.
My mind was just wandering!
About the plight ahead.
I understand.
If this swordsman is
plaguing your thoughts,
then you have the right idea.
Arranging a private battle
would be for the best.
Really?
Yes. We've met him three times.
And always in
the neutral city of Ein.
If we wish to make
further contact,
we should keep visiting.
Thanks so much, Rin!
Ooh, this is perfect!
He has no idea what's coming!
Yes.
I must agree, ma'am.
For shame. Minus 200 points.
[MISMIS]
I'm so sorry!
Captain, please stop this.
There's no reason
to beat yourself up.
[MISMIS]
That's not true.
In fact, I don't know if I can
ever apologize enough.
Now that I agree with.
Being captured and
kidnapped by the spy
Shanorotte was unforgiveable.
But falling into the vortex
and passing out?
Forcing Iska to save you?
A fatal error.
Forgive me for causing
you so much trouble.
It was all my fault.
You good?
You seem okay.
We made it out just fine.
So please stop
worrying, Captain.
I'm just glad that
you're safe now.
Aw. Thanks, Iska.
Something wrong?
Your arm?
If it hurts, I have a cold pack.
[MISMIS]
Oh, no.
I'm not in pain, exactly.
My shoulder just
feels kind of weird.
Hi!
I came to visit
my favorite unit!
Everyone ready for new orders?
We're infiltrating
the Sovereignty?
Yes!
That's the secret mission
I mentioned the other day.
Under my command, you'll
breach the enemy's border.
Best part?
Your job's to capture
Queen Nebulis.
Uh...
I'm afraid your exaggerated
joke isn't landing.
It's just too outrageous.
I agree with him.
What's with that face?
You never give me
disapproving looks, Issy.
[ISKA] I'm used to
unreasonable demands,
but what you're asking
for can't be done.
I trust you'll
complete the mission.
All of you are such
talented soldiers!
In that case, I assume
you must have a plan.
It would have to be genius.
How would we even get
into the Sovereignty?
Right, they screen
for astral power.
You bring up an excellent point.
In the Empire,
having an astral crest
on one's body was seen
as damning evidence
during witch trials.
The Sovereignty,
on the other hand,
used astral crests
as a sort of passport
to allow passage
to their new nation.
People without a witch's
mark who try to enter
are suspected of being
spies from the Empire,
so they rarely get through.
But fear not.
There is a way for
people from the Empire
to infiltrate the Sovereignty.
Which is?
[RISYA]
You'll find out in three days.
After we've finished
prep work for the op!
Lady Alice.
Would you please
take the parasol?
You'll get too much sun.
It's bad for your skin.
We've been waiting in this
square for three days.
I must insist.
Yes. Three days.
And yet we've seen
no sign of him.
It's ridiculous.
Why hasn't he shown himself?
We always ran into each
other here in the past.
Until this point,
it was special.
Are you saying that
fact has changed?
No. Forgive me, ma'am.
Though, if the swordsman
was unable to escape
the vortex's eruption,
then it's possible
he didn't survive‐‐
[ALICE]
He's alive!
Iska's not dead.
And we're going to get
to fight one‐on‐one.
Yes, of course.
It is as you say.
We'll cover more
ground if we split up.
I'll take the main thoroughfare.
Contact me immediately
if you find him!
[RIN] Lady Alice, you are in
line to be our next queen.
But there is conflict within
the Nebulis Sovereignty.
Allied factions
circle like hawks,
watching for an opportunity
to take the throne.
Your sisters are also appearing
in public more often.
Vying for attention.
Seeking to secure power.
Now is the time to be
gaining more supporters
and preparing for the future.
You should not be so fixated
on an Imperial soldier.
But I will take care of you,
as I always do.
And sever your ties
with this swordsman.
[NENE]
I wonder what Risya has in mind.
I can't even begin to imagine
how we might sneak in.
You're right, it's pretty
difficult for even
Neutral citizens to be
approved for entry.
It should be downright
impossible for Imperial soldiers
to get close.
Captain. How's your arm?
A bed sore?
From sleeping way too much?
Don't be ridiculous, Jhin!
Girls don't get disgusting
things like that.
It's probably just a bug bite!
[JHIN] Again, you're too
old to be called a "girl."
[MISMIS] Why do you always
insist on being so mean to me?
Maybe first aid?
You're right. Captain,
take off your jacket.
[MISMIS]
How embarrassing.
I wonder what bit me.
[NENE]
Where'd I put‐‐
Ah, here we go!
Oh. That's weird.
Funny, right?
I've never seen a bug bite that
looks like this one before.
Please.
Don't look at me like that.
Okay?
This isn't what you guys think.
Captain, you're fine.
First, you need
to take a breath.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Do you know how you got this?
[MISMIS]
I'm sorry, I don't.
Then it must have
come from the vortex.
Based on what
you described to us
from your time
trapped inside it,
you met an astral spirit.
Then, it must have possessed
our captain's body.
[JHIN] This doesn't happen
to 99% of people,
no matter how strong
the astral spirit may be.
You just happened to be
a suitable host for it, Boss.
So... I've become... a witch?
The enemy?
It's the only thing that
astral crest could mean.
You could get confirmation.
Maybe the research
institute can investigate.
[NENE]
Are you out of your mind?
That's the last thing
she should do.
If they find out she's
been turned into a witch,
she'll be executed!
[JHIN] If she turns herself in,
they may just imprison her.
[NENE]
Like that's much better.
And what would
we do without her?
[ISKA]
Captain.
We still follow your orders.
The choice is yours.
[MISMIS]
What choice is there?
Listen.
If you turn yourself in,
you'll be jailed,
and we'll try to get your
sentence reduced.
You'll always be under watch,
but they might allow you
to live somewhat freely
outside the capital.
That's one option.
Or, we can keep this crest
hidden and you remain
as our captain, as always.
In that sense,
things won't change much.
Hold on.
If we're caught,
you'll all be in trouble!
Don't give a second
thought to that.
We're your unit, Boss.
Give us your orders.
We'll make sure
they're carried out.
I'm for sure on board!
[MISMIS]
Really?
I can't lose you guys.
Not now.
I need my team.
And we just got back together.
Is that wrong of me?
[ISKA]
No.
It isn't wrong.
If that's what you've decided,
you can count on us
to have your back.
Thank you all.
[ALICE groans]
A third day down with no luck.
[RIN] Perhaps it's time
for us to change tactics.
We could give up on Ein
and try someplace else.
What are you saying, Rin?
I refuse to give up already!
Where could he be
loitering in the city?
Ah! Maybe in this district.
Oh! We should canvass
this area, too!
Knock knock.
How is she?
[NENE] Well, I think she's
calmed down a bit.
I'll spend the night with her
just in case she freaks out.
Smart move.
So, then. What do we do now?
We need a way to hide her crest.
A Saint Disciple would be
able to spot it instantly.
What if Risya finds out?
[JHIN]
You know the answer.
Most astral mages who're
found in Empire territory
are executed on the spot.
But the captain
is a different case!
The optics are awful.
She's been seen in Shanorotte's
good graces recently.
They'll treat her as
a spy once they find out
the two of them are friendly
whether we conceal
the crest or not.
If we have to hide that,
and the fact that
she has a mark,
it will never work.
[KIDS laughing]
[BOY A]
Let's go!
[BOY B]
Hold on, wait for me!
[ISKA]
I'm sorry.
This must look bad.
Like we're trying to hide you.
Mm‐mm.
Ein's the safest place for me.
You were smart to bring me here.
Besides. I feel less
stressed now.
We're in a neutral city.
I'll be fine.
[ISKA] I wonder if this is
what the Empire was like
100 years ago.
What do you mean?
We practically dominated
the world in those days.
Something like 60%
of the world's nations
were tributary states.
Were all of them this peaceful?
Before things changed.
When we discovered the Secret
of the Celestial Body.
An energy of astral spirits.
Pure power.
It turned ordinary
people into witches.
Something the Empire
chose to be afraid of.
That fear killed free citizens
and drove countless others out.
But... things can change.
We can still end
this senseless war.
A day will come when you won't
have to hide that crest.
I promise.
You think so?
Nene, Jhin, and me?
We're all in this with you.
You'll see.
Come on.
You're gonna make me cry again.
You know I'm a softie for
speeches like that.
Happy thoughts:
We're here, so we might
as well enjoy the city!
I think now's a good time
to get some drinks.
[ALICE]
It's so tranquil here.
There are no weapons firing, no
scent of gunpowder in the air.
I wonder if peace like
this will ever come
for the Nebulis Sovereignty.
An era when none in
this world are called witches
or demons.
A day when this war will end.
[ISKA] Now Captain Mismis
is also a victim
of the Empire's fears.
Somehow we have to put
a stop to this conflict.
And yet...
Your job's to capture
Queen Nebulis.
[ISKA] If we succeed in
abducting the queen,
we take another step back.
The Eight Great Apostles will
never set her free.
It'll only fuel the war.
[ISKA]
What do I do?
[ALICE sighs]
[ALICE]
Excuse me.
Would you mind?
I would love to rest my feet.
Wait, Alice?
[ALICE]
Iska?!
I found you!
What? It's not like
I was hiding from you.
I'm just sitting here
out in the open.
[ALICE]
Fool! You have no idea, do you?
I've spent days
walking these streets
trying to track you down!
You've been looking for me?
Forget I said that.
Now back to the matter at hand!
Which is...
Oh, that's just great.
I had an entire diatribe
in my head for when
we met again. and now
I'm drawing a blank!
Um... Well, then.
You... could sit?
[ALICE]
No, of course I can't.
You and I remain enemies.
Besides, Rin is nearby.
I'd never hear the end
of it if she saw that.
[ISKA]
Okay. Then I'll get up.
Don't.
Stay in your seat.
We'll share the bench so that
we're on equal ground.
It's the only option.
Sit.
All right. Sure.
I'm glad you're alive.
I haven't seen you
since the vortex.
Ahem.
Why are you in
Ein today, anyway?
I dunno.
Trying to clear my head.
Recently a strange
problem has come up
and it's got me kinda stumped.
[ALICE]
Ooh! Go on! What is it?
No way can I tell you.
[ALICE] Don't worry. I'm
wonderful at keeping secrets.
Rin is the only person
I tell them to.
Yeah, that's not reassuring.
Come now, we know each other.
Because we're enemies.
Yes, I know.
But this is the Neutral city.
"A temporary truce."
Please?
Lady Alice.
[ALICE gasps]
Rin! Uh...
Whatever you're thinking,
it's wrong, this is nothing.
[RIN] The two of you
certainly seem close
for it to be considered
"nothing."
He's the one you should blame.
How is that?
I see you survived the vortex.
I'm delighted.
No matter.
I was looking for you, ma'am.
I thought you might be
in need of a break.
Here, this is for you.
[ALICE]
Thank you.
Refreshment.
Think of it as a generous
offering from My Lady.
Thank you?
My, my, Rin.
How thoughtful.
Neutral city, and all.
Apple, huh? That's interesting.
It's lemon apple.
What, not a fan?
[ISKA]
I've never heard of it.
Speaking of drinks, the
captain's been gone for a while.
I hope she's okay.
Go on.
Tell me about your big problem.
It's a se‐‐
Iska?
[ALICE]
Are you feeling okay?
Iska?
My Lady. I am sorry.
I laced the swordsman's drink
with a sleep‐inducing agent.
You did what?!
Rin! Don't you know
where we are?
It's not as it seems, I swear.
I never thought he'd
actually accept it.
Much less take a drink.
But why, then?
Simply for appearances.
If he thought you were
trying to drug him,
then he'd view you as a threat
and stop speaking to you
in such a friendly manner.
A wasted chance.
I should've spiked it with
a deadly poison instead.
Rin!
What a mess. Ugh.
How could you do this?
This wasn't at all how today
was supposed to go!
[RIN] There is only
one thing to do now.
Take him into custody.
[ALICE]
Hold on just a moment.
You can't be serious!
[clattering]
What are you...?
‐‐[MISMIS] Iska‐‐
‐‐[ALICE] Don't move.
This swordsman is
my sworn enemy.
We're taking him in.
What'd you do to him?
How dare you abduct him in Ein!
Do your people have
no respect for the laws?
I don't have to
explain anything to you.
Give back Iska!
Freeze!
Rin. We're leaving.
[RISYA] It appears that Iska,
the Successor of the
Black Steel,
has been kidnapped
by the Ice Calamity Witch.
What would you have
us do, My Emperor?